Update guidance for contributors (#1301)
GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo: docs/product-requirements.md

## Product Requirements

This document contains a list of requirements that every change made to this repository should meet.
Every change must:
1. Preserve the golden user journey taken by Kubernetes beginners.
1. Preserve the simplicity of demos.
1. Preserve the simplicity of the GKE quickstart.

### 1. Preserve the golden user journey taken by Kubernetes beginners.

The following statement about Online Boutique should always be true:

> > A user outside of Googler can deploy Online Boutique's default configuration on a [_kind_ Kubernetes cluster](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/).

Author: ```suggestion
> A user outside of Google can deploy Online Boutique's default configuration on a [_kind_ Kubernetes cluster](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/).
```

## Product Requirements

This document contains a list of requirements that every change made to this repository should meet.
Every change must:
1. Preserve the golden user journey taken by Kubernetes beginners.
1. Preserve the simplicity of demos.
1. Preserve the simplicity of the GKE quickstart.

> ### 1. Preserve the golden user journey taken by Kubernetes beginners.
> 
> The following statement about Online Boutique should always be true:
> 
> > A user outside of Google can deploy Online Boutique's default configuration on a [_kind_ Kubernetes cluster](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/).
> 
> This statement describes the golden user journey that we expect new Kubernetes users to take while onboarding to Online Boutique.
> 
> Being able to run Online Boutique on a _kind_ cluster ensures that Online Boutique is free and cloud-agnostic. This is aligned with [Google's mission](https://about.google/) of making information universally accessible and useful. To be specific, Online Boutique should be useful and accessible to developers that are new to Kubernetes.
> 
> ### 2. Preserve the simplicity of demos.
> 
> New changes should not complicate the primary user journey showcased in live demos and tutorials.
> 
> Today, the primary user journey is as follows:
> 1. visit Online Boutique on a web browser
> 2. select an item from the homepage and add the item to the cart
> 3. the checkout form is prepopulated with placeholder data (e.g., Shipping Address)
> 4. the user places the order
> 
> ### 3. Preserve the simplicity of the GKE quickstart.
> 
> New changes should not complicate Online Boutique's [Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) quickstart](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo#quickstart-gke).
> 
> For instance, a new change should:
> * avoid adding an extra step to the GKE quickstart.
> * avoid requiring the installation of an additional tool in the GKE quickstart.
> * etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Preserve the golden user journey taken by Kubernetes beginners

The following statement about Online Boutique should always be true:

> A user outside of Google can deploy Online Boutique's default configuration on a [_kind_ Kubernetes cluster](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/).

This statement describes the golden user journey that we expect new Kubernetes users to take while onboarding to Online Boutique.

Being able to run Online Boutique on a _kind_ cluster ensures that Online Boutique is free and cloud-agnostic. This is aligned with [Google's mission](https://about.google/) of making information universally accessible and useful. To be specific, Online Boutique should be useful and accessible to developers that are new to Kubernetes.

### 2. Preserve the simplicity of demos

New changes should not complicate the primary user journey showcased in live demos and tutorials.

Today, the primary user journey is as follows:
1. Visit Online Boutique on a web browser.
2. Select an item from the homepage and add the item to the cart.
3. The checkout form is pre-populated with placeholder data (e.g. the shipping address).
4. The user checks out and completes the order.

### 3. Preserve the simplicity of the GKE quickstart

New changes should not add additional complexity in the [main Online Boutique quickstart](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo#quickstart-gke).

In particular, new changes should not add extra required steps or additional required tools in that quickstart.
```
Style guide + simplified a few places
